README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# PORTOFOLIO

> Portfolio: setup and mobile first.


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS


## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Irirwanirira](https://github.com/Irirwanirira)
- Twitter: [@Iri_joseph](https://twitter.com/Irirwanirira)
- LinkedIn: [Joseph IRIRWANIRIRA](https://linkedin.com/in/joseph-irirwanirira-74666623a/)

## Aurhor 2

- GitHub: [@abe1able](https://github.com/abe1able)
- Linkedin: [@abelseifu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abel-seifu-184543233/)
- Twitter: [@AbelSeifu15](https://twitter.com/AbelSeifu15)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Irirwanirira/My-portofolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish.

Commit message:

Added the instruction to acces this repository on the local machine

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# PORTOFOLIO

> Portfolio: setup and mobile first.


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS


## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)

## Getting started

**To use this repositpry you will need to Clone this repository to your machine. A .gitignore file is already created to ignore any file that is irrelevant, especially your node.js file. A linter is already set up to help you check for errors in your codes, images used are already there**

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment

## Authors



👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Irirwanirira](https://github.com/Irirwanirira)
- Twitter: [@Iri_joseph](https://twitter.com/Irirwanirira)
- LinkedIn: [Joseph IRIRWANIRIRA](https://linkedin.com/in/joseph-irirwanirira-74666623a/)

## Contributor

- GitHub: [@abe1able](https://github.com/abe1able)
- Linkedin: [@abelseifu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abel-seifu-184543233/)
- Twitter: [@AbelSeifu15](https://twitter.com/AbelSeifu15)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Irirwanirira/My-portofolio/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish.
